title: Blogging to Victory
time: 08:00
categories: Miscellaneous
publish: no

Welcome to my new blog.

Sure, I've been doing this writing online thing for about a thousand
years, but this is the first time I've actually decided to make a
career appropriate online presence wherein I talk about technical things
and actually make an attempt at writing regularly and covering a variety
of topics related to the technical side of things.

This will not be a blog about my family, cat, house, or other things
except as they relate directly to the subject at hand. Those of you who
are afraid of that kind of content -- never fear. You don't have to
get any closer to the author than is absolutely necessary. This should
keep the signal to noise ratio high and make for a much better existence
for those of us who really just want to get some information and move on
about our day.

This will, however, be a blog that is written by a real person and
presents facts with as much opinion as is necessary. Is memcached really
the solution to all that ails you? I don't know if it is, but it's a
damn nice tool and I will probably recommend it over leeches for curing
the common cold. You're guaranteed to get things as I see them -- no
sugar coating here -- and the best I can promise is that I will take
correction and instruction well. Let me know when I fuck it up.

Oh yeah, and language -- I actually swear and like it. If you're opposed
to the use of certain four letter words, you best be considering
where you're reading this stuff at. I work for startups and I love
a high-adrenaline, fast-paced environment -- there tends to be foul
language.

I should probably do a bit of talking now about my own history and what
my credentials are. I don't know. That always seems to be kind of a
waste of time. As it turns out, I've worked at a few places such as
Google, Mozilla, Danga/Six Apart (LiveJournal), StumbleUpon, and Bump
Technologies. I've founded an open source project (Dreamwidth Studios)
that is successful. I've even spoken at conferences (OSCON, Web 2.0
Expo, linux.conf.au). I go by the nickname xb95 on Freenode.

Watch this space, there's more to come!
